README.md, before:

# Pokemon Catcher

A web application for Pokémon enthusiasts who want to look up Pokémon and create their own personal collection.


## Live Demo
Try the application live [here:](https://john-baik.github.io/pokemon-catcher/)

A list of technologies used to build the project, including databases, languages, libraries, and frameworks.

A list of the features implemented in the project.
1-2 short GIFs of the most interesting or features of the application. Recommended screen recording apps are Kap and ScreenToGif.

A list of a maximum of three stretch features that you'd like to implement.

A list of system requirements for developers that would like to run the code on their computer.
A detailed set of instructions for getting started, including:

Installing all dependencies using npm, etc.
Creating any necessary configuration files.
Any external services that need to be set up, such as 3rd-party APIs or cloud services like S3.
Configuring any necessary environment variables.
Running any necessary build scripts.
Importing any necessary database files.

Commit message:

Created readme for pokemon-catcher

README.md, after:

# Pokemon Catcher

A web application for Pokémon enthusiasts who want to look up Pokémon and create their own personal collection.

If you were one of those kids in elementary school who had trading cards or had a Pokemon game, you were automatically considered a cool kid. Growing up, my parents didn't let me have such things so naturally, I was jealous. Now that I'm an adult, I can now design the Pokemon experience that I missed out on growing up.

## Live Demo
Try the application live [here:](https://john-baik.github.io/pokemon-catcher/)
## Technologies Used
A list of technologies used to build the project, including databases, languages, libraries, and frameworks.

## Features
1. User can search for Pokemon
2. User can generate a random Pokemon
3. User can add Pokemon to collection
4. User can view Pokemon collection
5. User can delete Pokemon from collection
6. User can sort Collection in alphabetical order
7. User can sort Collection in reverse-alphabetical order
8. User can sort Collection by oldest First
9. User can sort Collection by newest First
10. User can view number of Pokemon in Collection

## Preview
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90541276/164814691-b0fa8c23-9322-4c20-8c32-f7d8623f7ae8.gif">

## Stretch Features
1. User cannot add duplicate Pokemon

## Development
### System Requirements

- VS Code or any similar IDE supporting JavaScript ES6
### Getting Started
1. Clone the repository.
    ```shell
    git clone git@github.com:John-Baik/pokemon-catcher.git
    cd pokemon-catcher
    ```
